in central Gaza Israeli forces launched
an air strike targeting tents for
displaced Palestinians in a hospital
compound the strike killed four
Palestinians in the courtyard of al- AA
Hospital starting a large fire at least
18 others were wounded thousands of
Palestinians have been Sheltering from
Israeli attacks in the grounds of the
hospital okay well let's speak now to TK
kazum who's outside the alak hospital in
Al balic can just tell us more about
this attack at the hospital where you
are at the
moment yes Tom uh the other night a
strike that has targeted the yards of Al
AA hospital is considered to be the
third attack on Al AA hospital since the
War Began back in October and it's the
second one during the past 10 days where
the Israeli Army is gradually stepping
up its military attacks on areas that at
least must be protected by the
principles of the international
humanitarian law as we have been
arriving to the location we have been
observing the wide scale destruction
caused for the makeship chilled
especially that the attack has resulted
of a great and massive fire that has
been broken out in that area burning the
vast majority of adjacent T and causing
a great uh source of fear among the
Palestinian displac families who have
been uh taking refuge in the yards of
alaka hospital since the day one of the
fighting as we have been hearing from
medical sources for Palestinians have
been confirmed killed in the strike
anded a great uh sentiment of
frustration among everyone in in AA
Hospital including doctors emergency
workers journalists and even displaced
families who have been expressing the
deep sadness and uh upset from this
ongoing escalation that Israel has been
doing especially we also continue to
hear from eyewitnesses on the ground
that since the moment of the attack
Israel did not provide any source of a
pre warning especially that the attack
has been carried out in a very small
space of land that is overcrowded with
civilians and displaced families and
this is the Grim reality in fact here in
Al AA hospital this is the place that
Palestinians have been T to seek refuge
in Dar balah is an area that
Palestinians have recently moving to
after the new military evacuation orders
from Rafa and also from ALB and anarat
refugee count Tom it's not just albala
that has been hit there have been many
other strikes uh as well right across
the strip what more can you tell us
about
those yeah things in fact here are
heating up so quickly Tom where we can
see that Israel is attacking residential
houses and a very intensive momentum
especially in darl bah where one of the
latest strikes overnight uh being
carried out had targeted a residential
house where at least three three
Palestinians have been reported killed
while it's not only the darl balah town
has been attacked but also we can hear
from eyewitnesses in the north and from
our local sources on the ground that
different evacuation centers being hit
within the past 24 hours in nor in Gaza
and especially in jabalia refugee camp
there was a clear surge of a strikes on
residential houses eight Palestinians
have been confirmed killed in one of the
latest strikes on a residential house
that is full of evacu and basically the
Palestinians here AC course not only the
central area but also in the South
believe that Israel is so interested in
keeping up the fighting and even
extending the duration of the war and
the period where they have been
experiencing different physical and
psychological trauma due to the CLE
mounting pressure being exerted by the
Israeli Army on civilians we are talking
about all sorts of living here uh being
attacked evacuation centers Hospital
schools we're talking about residential
houses key Civil infrastructure which
apparently is giving initial indications
that Israel is Sy systematically
creating corrosive environment in which
it makes the way of living for
Palestinians is incredibly UNS sortable
for a human habitation where all means
of life here have turned upside down and
turned into a pile of rule because of
the ongoing escalation from its side on
the ground thank you so much TK as
always for bringing us the latest there
from Gaza tanom for us in De
alala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer